well howdy there they don't have people
let's bow again so tonight we're gonna
talk about what toy designers can teach
the president so in the late 80s GI Joe
that was a big thing that was a big
thing and it was a little action figures
and then they had vehicles that went
along with him he had GI Joe and they
were pitted against Cobra
now as the franchise kind of fell in
popularity I don't know if it was
because they were running out of money
or they just couldn't come up with new
ideas or what it was but they decided to
reuse some of the molds for the vehicles
and they released the Cobra vehicles
with new paint jobs and they gave them
to GI Joe and it was called tiger force
and the storyline was that GI Joe had
captured these vehicles and they were
now using them fair enough because that
happens in real life in real life
opposition forces they they take each
other's equipment and they repurpose it
for their own uses that's a real life
thing so what's that have to do with the
president the President and DOD and
their infinite wisdom have decided to
reverse a policy stopping the use of
minds the policy states that if they're
going to be used they have to be
non-persistent minds now what that means
in English is that they degrade and they
stop working after a set number of times
there's two ways that this can be done
it can be done chemically by attacking
one specific component not gonna get
into the interior workings of them or
the one they're leaning towards is that
the battery just runs out so it doesn't
work anymore they'll also be equipped
with a remote control that can make them
self-destruct okay
all that sounds pretty good I mean they
said it and it goes they go dead in two
weeks walk the long step on it click
nothing happens fair enough fair enough
however this is not the 1900s there is
no real use for these on a modern field
there's knocked the study that kind of
prompted this had to do with a great
power scenario so US versus Russia or
China and the idea was that we could use
these to funnel opposition wherever we
wanted them to go and that's the way
they work their denial of area devices
you put them out and people can't go
there it's a really kind of simple idea
the thing is you don't win the next war
by preparing for the last these aren't
effective anymore and we have much
better devices to deny area tons some
are unmanned so the need for them isn't
there but let's go back to the toy
designers real quick so you're gonna put
a bunch of these out and then the
batteries are gonna go dead now on
today's fields lines don't exist but
let's just pretend that they do okay
let's play along with this scenario
there they change very quickly so the US
would either move past or move back from
these in short order the rope controls
probably going to be pretty much useless
but they will degrade over time so you
have all of these out there they are now
inert they won't work if somebody steps
on them and that's cool except for the
fact that all the components inside
still function
how long do you think it's gonna be
before the opposition repurposes them if
you were part of the recent
unpleasantness over there who was a just
a great catch you went out to snatch
somebody you were sent out who was the
the best person to catch what did he
make did he use
commercially available stuff or was it
improvised we're handing them the tools
they need to harm civilians and US
forces this is a horrible idea it's a
horrible idea and understand even while
they are short-lived during that time
they are indiscriminate when they are
active they are indiscriminate they
don't know
it's a device sits in the ground it has
no clue whether that's a combat boot or
a barefoot child that just stepped on it
most countries have completely
prohibited the use of these things they
are unnecessary they're obsolete
they are obsolete this isn't something
we need and it can only hurt us
I would suggest that the only real
reasons because I racked my brain trying
to come up with any real realistic
scenarios in which these would be
necessary or even beneficial and there's
some work now maybe it kind of helps but
there's better tools for that so the
only scenarios I can come up with for
this occurring in this band being lifted
in this policy being reversed is that
somebody's been offered a really cush
retirement job or the president realized
that Obama was instrumental in
prohibiting their use except outside of
Korea that seems like a really really
stupid reason to put people in harm's
away to supply the opposition to
endanger civilians DoD has made a lot of
dumb moves over the years this will go
in that book
and the brass at the Pentagon apparently
does not understand something that every
two in the world knows and that even toy
designers know anyway it's just a vault
y'all have a good night